# TSC Meeting 2020 July 7th @12PM MST.
- Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/346594091

### Attending
- Jesse Mapel
- Ross Beyer
- Andrew Annex
- Victor Silva


## Agenda / Notes
- Action Items from last time:
	- All: if you want to collaborate on OpenPlanetary Lunch Talk Slides, contact Jesse.
		- Targeting after ISIS and PlanetaryPy on boarding moves more
		- Andrew may give a lightning talk at scipy 2020 conference
			- Maybe good for PlanetaryPy
			- Andrew will e-mail a google slides
	- When @jessemapel can get back to his office machine, he will PR the meeting notes from March 2020.
		- Still not back in
	- @michaelaye will make a PR to [Contributing Document](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/blob/master/Contributing.md) to encourage clean-up of patch branches.
		- Not done
	- @jessemapel will make an Incubation Issue Template, which should have the checklist for graduating from Incubation, and such an Issue will serve as the 'tracking' document for each project in incubation.
		- Not done
		- Ross has a PR that adds a mentor walk through. [#98](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/pull/98)
			- Describes incubation process start-to-finish from the perspective of the receiver.
		- What is the audience?
			- Both the project and the mentor/reviewer
			- Model after
		- Link to the mentor walk through
	- Done: PR [#97](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/pull/97) merged to update the number of approvals needed for Meeting Notes and Agenda Items from 2 to 1.
		- July meeting agenda got updated with 1 approval

- Report on Active Applications:

	- ISIS (@victoronline mentor)
		- Received comments from Chase
			- No TBD items
			- Relax licensing requirements
			- PR is still open
				- Seems ready to go into incubation
	- PlanetaryPy (@jessemapel mentor)
		- Waiting on Jesse
		- Incubation/PR limbo
		- Make the incubation issue and start the process

- Seeking Guidance on small-dev-count volunteer projects (@rbeyer)
	- With a 2-approval PR system, and 3 or 4 developers, everybody must be active on
	  every PR (or nearly so).
	- Volunteers can get easily pulled away to other tasks, and with a small head-count,
	  this has the practical effect of freezing development.
	- Drop to a 1-approval system?
	- Require 2-approvals to merge in the first *time period* (week, month, whatever), and
	  then after *time period* only require 1?
	- Or is the 2-approval system so important that it shouldn't be short-circuited?
	- What about 1 developer projects?
	- There is some threshold of active developers required for this to really work
		- Between 6 and 8 active developers
	- For 99% of projects, the priority is to keep the software moving forward
	- Timely reviews is the important part
		- Node JS model
		- Set a time frame where PRs will remain open.
		- If they get a review in that time, great
		- If they don't then merge
	- Update contributing document for top level projects to give projects options.
		- Lifecycle document is a good place to record this discussion

- Relaxing licensing requirements
	- Currently we require that all licenses be open
	- What about libraries using things like Kakadu which have non-open licenses
		- The source code for the project is all open source
	- GDAL has the same setup where a plugin is closed source
	- We do not want to be absolutist
	- Strongly discourage these situations
		- Ask for a justification
		- Part of the application
	- Change wording in lifecycle document to reflect this
		- Instead of adding to the list of acceptable licenses, encourage specific discussion in the application


## Discussions expected at next meeting, 2020 August 4 @ 12PM MST?
- Reports on Active Applications:
	- ISIS (@victoronline mentor)
	- PlanetaryPy (@jessemapel mentor)


## Action Items
- When @jessemapel can get back to his office machine, he will PR the meeting notes from March 2020.
- @michaelaye will make a PR to [Contributing Document](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/blob/master/Contributing.md) to encourage clean-up of patch branches.
- @jessemapel will make an Incubation Issue Template, which should have the checklist for graduating from Incubation, and such an Issue will serve as the 'tracking' document for each project in incubation.
- @victoronline & @jessemapel get ISIS and PlanetaryPy started in incubation
- @rbeyer Update lifecycle document to talk more deeply about choosing contributing requirements.
