# TSC Meeting 2020 June 2nd @12PM MST.
- Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/346594091

### Attending
- Jesse Mapel
- Jay Laura
- Andrew Annex
- Ross Beyer


## Agenda / Notes
- Action Items from last time:
	- Open Planetary Lunch slide drafts (@jessemapel)
		- Draft slides done, if anyone wants to collaborate, contact Jesse
		- No particular deadline, but just moving along.
	- Create TLP application PR template (@andrewannex)
		- made PR [#95](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/pull/95)
	- Updated lifecycle document (@victoronline)
		- made PR [#93](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/pull/93)
	- @michaelaye will make a PR to Contributing to encourage clean-up of patch branches.
		- not done, carried to next time
	
- How is the application -> incubation -> TLP process going. Changing PRs/issues/etc.
	- Probably need more documentation for mentor-side of the process.
	- Need an Incubation Issue Template (@jessemapel)
	- Otherwise slowly but smoothly.

- Report on Active Applications:
	- ISIS (@victoronline mentor): not present, next time.
	- PlanetaryPy (@jessemapel mentor): moving along, Jesse is doing reseach on the project.

- Proposal to reduce the number of approvals required on PRs for Meeting Notes and Agenda from 2 to 1 (@rbeyer)
	- All present were in favor.  Ross will write PR to address.

- Seeking Guidance on mixed-code project structure (@rbeyer)
	- For a mixed-code project which consists of primarily C++ code and user-level programs, but also contains some Python, what is the best way to structure it, both in terms of the physical lay-out in the repo, but also what build, distribution, and installation patterns would be best? Admittedly, I'm asking for ASP (which does not currently have a good solution), but this could also be applicable to ISIS or other large projects.
	- Had a good, wide-ranging discussion on these topics, seems like reviewing what QGIS or GDAL is doing is appropriate for ASP, but perhaps the right answer looks like cleanly separating the Python from the C++ in different source directories, but keep them together in the same repo and the same distributions.


## Discussions expected at next meeting, 2020 July 7 @ 12PM MST?
- Reports on Active Applications:
	- ISIS (@victoronline mentor)
	- PlanetaryPy (@jessemapel mentor)


## Action Items
- All: if you want to collaborate on OpenPlanetary Lunch Talk Slides, contact Jesse.
- When @jessemapel can get back to his office machine, he will PR the meeting notes from March 2020.
- @michaelaye will make a PR to [Contributing Document](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/blob/master/Contributing.md) to encourage clean-up of patch branches.
- @jessemapel will make an Incubation Issue Template, which should have the checklist for graduating from Incubation, and such an Issue will serve as the 'tracking' document for each projeec in incubation.
- @rossbeyer will make a PR to update to documents to update number of approvals needed for Meeting Notes and Agenda Items from 2 to 1.
