# TSC Meeting 2021 May 4th @12PM PDT & MST / 3PM EDT
- Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/346594091

### Attending
- Ross Beyer
- Michael Aye
- Victor Silva
- Jesse Mapel

## Agenda / Notes
- Action Items from last time:
  - Jesse: Send out abstract draft
  - All: Review abstract
  - Jesse: Submit abstract to PDW
    - Submitted and waiting
    - Put in for oral presentation
    - Andrew also submitted an abstract for his ASP wrapper
    - PlanetaryPy submitted an abstract

- Report from Top-Level Projects:
  - PlanetaryPy
    - Submitted PDW/PSIDA abstract
    - Michael is moderating a birds-of-a-feather session on PlanetaryPy
      - Lots of freedom in what this is
      - Thinking about what "workshop" components can happen around the conference
  - ISIS
    - Good discussion about testing and community efforts/coordination
    - ISIS 5.0 came out
      - World's tiniest API break in 2 classes

- Changing Top Level Project name
  - Change top level project to "member project"
  - Add new category of affiliate project for projects that use TSC documents, but not membership
    - Conflicts with PlanetaryPy terminology. Their packages that are a part of PlanetaryPy are affiliates.
    - What does this gain? Why do we even need a name when docs already point back to us.
    - We shouldn't do this
  - Maybe PlanetarySoftware project?
    - Implies that PlanetarySoftware owns or is responsible for the project
  - Core projects
    - What about non-core projects?
  - Is there a better term than "member project"?
    - Look at other multi-project software groups

- Planetary Data Ecosystem Report
  - Publicly released
  - Rather large
  - Software is a part of this ecosystem
  - Advocates creating an AG-like structure (MEPAG, VEXAG, MAPSIT, etc.) for the planetary data ecosystem
    - We have a lot of overlap with what this AG could cover
    - It is up to NASA if they want to make this and what it would look like
  - We should keep an eye out for what NASA does with this report
  - Talks about open source software policy and community
  - The fact that this exists means NASA is interested at some level

## Discussions expected at next meeting, 2021 June 1st @12PM Pacific / 3PM Eastern
- Accepted project name change

## Action Items
- Jesse: Investigate other options for accepted project names
