# TSC Meeting 2021 April 6th @12PM PDT & MST / 3PM EDT
- Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/346594091

### Attending
- Andrew Annex
- Jesse Mapel
- Victor Silva

## Agenda / Notes
- Action Items from last time:
  - All - Add a paragraph about what the value of the TSC is to the brochure issue
    - No new posts
    - Didn't need/use for PDW abstract
  - Jesse - Find talk from last PDW about open source
    - Could not find?
  - Andrew - Put up PSIDA abstract on overleaf
    - Done
  - Jesse - Draft of PDW abstract
    - Draft is ready

- Report from Top-Level Projects:
  - PlanetaryPy
    - Continuing to grow
  - ISIS
    - Working out release stuff
    - Likely more meaningful stuff next time

- PDW abstract
  - Draft finished
    - Word document draft
  - Focused on what governance is, why it's important, and how the PSO can help
  - Framed joining as community and collaboration
    - Specifically mention not taking ownership or being restrictive
    - Ownership stuff has been a concern
      - Because of moving ISIS under ISIS TC
      - Because of node.js origins
  - submit for internal USGS review in the next few days
    - Prompt feedback would be helpful
    - Likely need feedback before Friday
  - Top level project seems like a bad name
    - Implies sub-projects and hierarchy
      - There is nothing in the documents defined below a top level project
    - Implies "being under" the PSO
    - Maybe "member project"?
    - Affiliated project for using our stuff but not being a part of the TSC
    - Jesse will post an issue and maybe discussion next meeting
  - 2 more meetings until the workshop
    - Likely will have an oral presentation to prepare later

## Discussions expected at next meeting, 2021 May 4th @12PM Pacific / 3PM Eastern
- Changing Top Level Project name

## Action Items
- Jesse: Send out abstract draft
- All: Review abstract
- Jesse: Submit abstract to PDW
