# TSC Meeting 2021 March 2nd @12PM PST / 1PM MST / 3PM EST
- Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/346594091

### Attending
- Michael Aye
- Ross Beyer
- Andrew Annex
- Jesse Mapel
- Victor Silva
- Jay Laura

## Agenda / Notes
- Action Items from last time:
  - Victor - ISIS incubation graduation PR
    - Done [@126](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/pull/126)
  - All - Review the ISIS graduation from incubation PR
    - See above
  - All - Add a paragraph about what the value of the TSC is to the brochure issue
    - Only 1 comment, no new ones since last meeting
    - Do we roll with just one?
      - There isn't a hard deadline so we can just accumulate

- Report from Top-Level Projects:
  - PlanetaryPy
    - webpage at planetarypy.org
    - 3rd affiliated package in review
    - Planning outreach for more packages
      - sbpy
        - PDART funded
      - pyhat
        - Spectral analysis toolkit designed to be used by scientists
        - Ryan's major goal was to get things from individual scientists and make them more widely available/usable
      - plio
        - Collection of code from various projects at the ASC
        - Closest to a "core" package
    - Slow progress on a "core" package
      - Thinking about how to merge packages that compliment each-other
  - ISIS
    - ISIS TC has been kind of dormant over winter
    - Thinking about releases and how we support old releases
    - How to handle big design and architecture questions
    - Terrible 4.4.0 release
      - Not being conda-forge compliant is really challenging

- Where is SBMT at?
  - Communication is working through the USGS to go out to SBMT
  - Talking to Trent Hare, collaborator on open source PDART
    - Trent is fairly external to their open sourcing process. Very small part on the PDART.
    - USGS looking to open more lines of communication with SBMT/APL team about interoperability with SBMT
    - Independent of the Small Bodies node of the PDS.
    - Very early in this process
      - Putting a copy of the code on Github
      - Do they want contributions? Do they want an open source community?
    - Should this group reach out independently of the USGS?
      - Using Trent as our communication venue is not ideal
      - Andrew has some communication channels with APL
      - Talk to the person leading the PDART
        - They may say they don't want help. This is okay
        - We should let them know we exist
      - After we have our "elevator pitch"/"brochure" done

- Writing brochure text
  - [#120](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/120)]
  - Something for PDW
    - Deadling is April 14th
    - At the last one there was an open source talk that covered a lot of what we are interested in
      - Steven Crawford at Space Shuttle Science Institute is the new NASA "open source guy"
    - Brochure as a talk
      - Virtual meeting is somewhat suspect
      - Is this worth it?
    - Brochure as a 1 page abstract
      - Fairly simple
      - Jesse will get something drafty for the next meeting
        - Add some of the brochure issue stuff to it
        - Use overleaf
        - Andrew will put up partial PSIDA abstract


## Discussions expected at next meeting, 2021 April 6th @12PM Pacific / 3PM Eastern
- Daylight savings time happening
- Check the calendar

## Action Items
- All - Add a paragraph about what the value of the TSC is to the brochure issue
- Jesse - Find talk from last PDW about open source
- Andrew - Put up PSIDA abstract on overleaf
- Jesse - Draft of PDW abstract
