# TSC Meeting 2021 February 2nd @12PM PST / 1PM MST / 3PM EST
- Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/346594091

### Attending
- Andrew Annex
- Michael Aye
- Ross Beyer
- Andrew Annex
- Victor Silva
- Jay Laura
- Lauren Adoram-Kershner
- Jesse Mapel

## Agenda / Notes
- Action Items from last time:
  - Where is SBMT at?
    - Communication is working through the USGS to go out to SBMT
    - Talking to Trent Hare, collaborator on open source PDART
  - Brochure: What value do we bring?
    - [#120](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/120)
    - Want some more input
      - Once we have 3 blurbs we can move this somewhere
    - What's the deliverable from all of this?
      - Slide deck at conference/talk?
      - "Quotes from the community" part of README
      - Brochure
      - Canned text

- Report from Top-Level Projects:
  - ISIS (@victoronline mentor)
    - All - review the ISIS TC Charter.
      - Application text was updated to just point to the TC charter
      - Are we ready to vote? No objections, move to a vote
        - No objections
  - USGS would like a minute of your time to read through our plans for FY22
    - [ISIS_TC #132](https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS_TC/issues/132)
    - Closes Wednesday, February 3rd COB

  - PlanetaryPy (@jessemapel mentor)
    - There was a PR to move PlanetaryPy
      - Merged with only 1 approval
      - Wait for 2 approvals on ISIS PR
    - Open PRs about PlanetaryPy status
      - Request for review #113
        - Close when added to agenda
      - Incubation status #108
        - Closed when PR to move out of incubation is merged

    - Added SpiceyPy
      - Two packages now (PVL & SpiceyPy)
      - Combing the landscape for good planetary python code
        - SBPy could be a good package to invite/reach out too

- Ross: Reluctant to put in ASP. Issues to bring up and discuss with the group.
  - Top level concerns
  - Sanity check, "is this a real issue?"
  - Too much process for how ASP is currently developed
    - How many full time contributors to ISIS?
      - somehwere between 3 and 6
    - ASP has 2 devs + Ross for part of a year
      - Does not add up to 1 full work year
    - ASP has not attracted external contributors
      - Been up on Github for a long time
      - Most community input is issues
      - Concerned about lack of demand for people to contribute to ASP
    - Adding too much friction for not enough value
  - Copyright status
    - Only Ames people can have commit permissions
      - Ames devs are contractors and their employers can claim copyright
      - Must go through a code review & release process by NASA every major revision
        - Lots of paperwork, happens rarely due to overhead
      - To work around this, community members may submit small bits of code and then Ames devs merge
        - Have to do a more complex process to properly hand off copyright for larger contributions
    - NASA administrator holds the copyright
    - Alternative would be open source project that Ames devs contribute to
      - Shifts copyright attribution from community contributors to Ames devs
      - Adds lots of friction to Ames devs
    - GEOMESA was a similar thing
      - Eclipse foundation "owned" it
      - Had to do CLAs one time, worked for many PRs
    - Ross's direct management communicated above, has not gone all the way around Ames legal etc.
    - "standard" for open source project owned by an entity requires CLA for every PR no matter how small?
    - Is this okay?
      - Yes
  - Do direct commits to ASP
    - Very rare for PRs to happen
    - Developers are very experienced and trusted to do this
    - Is this okay?
      - Yes
  - How much extra friction does PlanetarySoftware add to a project?
    - TSC is concerned about governance and not necessarily the actual PR process
    - Actually very little burden
  - SpiceyPy is in a similar state of only 1 maintainer working on it & a slower development cycle
  - Is this really an open source project?
    - Depends on definition
    - On github and has appropriate licensing to allow contributions
    - Do you want to grow your contributor base?
    - Do you want to grow your maintainer base?
    - Growing the planetary data/software ecosystem is a big goal here
  - Try not to be prescriptive
    - Prompting projects to think about these things
    - Provide "off the shelf" documents if you don't want to worry about this
      - Filling gaps for projects
  - Planetary software allows different types of governance. It does not allow no governance.
    - We do expept people to behave civily and collaboratively
    - A project applying without a Code of Conduct or an exclusionary Code of Conduct would not be accepted

  - The NASA Github site is annoying


## Discussions expected at next meeting, 2021 March 2nd @12PM PST / 1PM MST / 3PM EST
- Where is SBMT at?
  - Communication is working through the USGS to go out to SBMT
  - Talking to Trent Hare, collaborator on open source PDART

- Report from Top-Level Projects:
  - PlanetaryPy
  - ISIS

- Writing brochure text
  -[#120](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/120)]

- PDW submissiond deadline is coming up, do we want to say something?
  - Can we do something like an afternoon workshop?

## Action Items
- Victor - ISIS incubation graduation PR
- All - Review the ISIS graduation from incubation PR
- All - Add a paragraph about what the value of the TSC is to the brochure issue
